 Camera: 50MP Main Camera with Sony IMX890 (OIS supported), 8MP Ultrawide Camera with Sony IMX355 (FOV: 112 degree) and 2MP Macro lens; 16MP Front (Selfie) Camera   Camera Features: Ultra Steady Mode, Dual-view Video, HDR, Nightscape, Portrait Mode, Video Portrait, Pano, Macro, Slo-mo, Time-lapse, Text-scanner, Retouching, Filters, Google Lens, Extra HD, Pro Mode   Display: 6.7 Inches; 120 Hz AMOLED FHD+, Resolution: 2412 x 1080 pixels; HDR 10+, sRGB, 10-bit Color Depth, 93.4% Screen to body ratio   Operating System: OxygenOS 13 based on Android 13.1   Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 782G Mobile Platform   Storage: 8 GB + 128 GB | 12 GB + 256 GB; LPDDR4X RAM, UFS 3.1   Battery & Charging: 5000 mAh with 80W SUPERVOOC Fast-charging  In-Display Fingerprint SensorPackage contents: 1 phone, 1 power adapter, 1 Type-C cable, 1 quick guide, 1 welcome letter, 1 safety guide, 1 sticker, 1 case, 1 SIM tray ejector, 1 red cable club membership card['This is my first one plus and brought with lots of expectation . In the box there it comes , Main Device, user manual, welcome letter, Red cable club card, One plus sticker, sim ejector pin, One free TPU same color case with one plus logo at the back and the 80watt charging adapter with red type c cable.  The deisgn of this nord 3 series  is also déjà vu .  However after use of few days , first of all i noticed -', ' - The phone has pure plastic built with glossy polycarbonate glass back . Though it captures no finger print .', '- Hybrid sim tray with either dual sim or one sim and MSD card', '- Comes with IR blaster to use this phone as remote.', '- Top and bottom Dual speaker with dolby atmos sound . Bottom speaker gives you bass effect of the music while top acts like twitter.  Overall sound quality is quite loud and sweet .', '- Has NFC payment support which is quite attractive part . You can now make wireless payment via Google pay from your credit card virtually . No need to carry card at wallet.', '- Samsung 6.7inch Amoled display with punch hole camera design and indisplay finger print sensor.', '- 5000 mah battery with 80 watt superVocc first charge . Battery draining rate is also very less at standard use . Makes full Charge in just 35 minutes.', '- Snapdragon processor is also capable of goog gaming without any frame drop and lag . The Ram is virtuality expandable upto extra 8GB', '- During gaming , its large vapor cooling chamber keeps the phone temperature optimal and shows allmost less heating issue. The whole smartphone body has 12 temperature sensor .', '- It has UFS 3.1 storage capacity . It comes with 23 Gb system equipped storage.', '***BUT ///', '- Has very average camera with allmost poor processing . It has flagship sony sensor which has been used in oneplus 11 too  but one plus team was very lazy to make it more optimzed for this device . So always déjà vu dont give you good experience.', '- Oneplus is known for good camera smartphone but picture quality of this Nord CE 3 looks like the smartphones under 10000 . Colors of the pictures looks like washed out with less detail', '- night mode pictures does not makes so much of difference than the photos taken in normal mode . Colors, lights and exposures both stay allmost same', '- video quality is good but can be improved more . It has OIS image stabiliization which works only at 1080p 60 fps', '- 2x loseless zoom is a good feature .', '- Selfie camera is quite good  and takes bright picture . Has screen flash option . selfie camera shoots full hd video . Has pano and night mode option too .', '- being a mid level flagship phone missing Potrait video mode and pro video mode .', '- Macro camera is quite ok .', '* This phone strictly uses google dialer, so no more silent call record . And there are no one plus dialer .', '* Has no out of the box optimization , junk cleaning and antivirus software.', '* No alert slider', '* No 3.5mm jack', "So i think one plus should give a immediate update to fix the camera optimization issue for this great hardware . Otherwise this is a very good balanced phone for every task . I brought at 24,999 , this is the quite ok price rather than it's MRP.", 'Read more']